Hello friends, are you watching?
weekly heading extreme show
from the video portal ferumm.com and andrade soup
reviews with you dmitry stolyarchuk
and today we look at the most
interesting news from the world of IT for
last week meizu mx4 appeared on
live photo
if the photo is not fate the smartphone will
equipped with a non-removable battery
stereo speakers located at the bottom
body parts and mechanical buttons
located on the right edge
the device will remind you that the head of the company
Already reported that the gadget will work on
8-core processor production
samsung also the device will get a scanner
fingerprint
mx-4 is supposed to debut three
low budget and flagship versions
companies poems already June 3 may
submit a budget version of the flagship
htc one m8 smartphone will get the same
characteristics that the original will change
only the camera its resolution will be 13
megapixels and let the gadget run
from cheaper but not less
practical plastic
price will be 481 usd
we already talked about the previous issue
the next finnish smartphone
nokia x2 manufacturer
last week a new one appeared
information that tells us about
the possibility of starting two operating rooms
windows phone and android systems besides
this device will still get
google play services
and accordingly the official store
applications company lg officially
introduced this year's flagship g3
the smartphone got a beautiful design and
compact body
as for the characteristics then they
the next 5 5 inch display with
resolution of 2560 to 1440 density
pixels is 530 85
quad-core snapdragon 801
running at 2 and 5 gigahertz and and
3 gigabytes of RAM
devices there are two cameras main
13 megapixels with laser
autofocus and frontal on 2 and 1
megapixels capable of doing excellent
links
The gadget has a 3000 milliamp battery
o'clock
operates on the latest version
android kitkat with brand
user interface
1g network hit photos asus padfone with
which has not yet been announced by the company
smartphone supposedly get
five inch display flood and
800 Snapdragon processor resolution
clock frequency of 2 and 3 gigahertz 2
gigabytes of ram and
13 megapixel camera gadget will be
delivered from the docking station is made in
1920 tablet resolution form factor
1080p battery
capacity of 5,000 milliamp-hours company
samsung patented smart watches with
The company's round display designers are clearly
inspired recently announced by them
moto 360
most likely they will also
function on a new operating
the android system and technical
characteristics make the announcement and nothing
Apple is known for testing
prototype windows base arm rumors about
using new architecture go with
2011 but so far the company does not
commented on these leaks possible in
this year we will see quite
recycled devices or is it
just update an existing model
Company microsoft has announced that at the end
years popular skype video service
will get the function online translations
that is, you will be able to communicate with people
who speak other languages
Satya has done the head of microsoft
said the following skype technology
translate and became the result
a decade of work all these years our
the company has invested in
speech recognition studies and
technology development on the automatic
translation
the program provides a range
opportunities for education and
google company presented diplomacy
unmanned car auto reign
steering wheel and even rear-view mirrors
quality dietary carrier
electricity is used and on display
the most necessary is displayed
information speed temp time and
card is planned to be installed in the future
large display for watching videos in
youtube and friend use
their company services project already
are tested of course until mass
production is still far but a big step in
the future is already done on this
forget to subscribe to the channel and
ferumm.com and andrew game reviews by
links in the description and also leave
your thoughts in the comments below this video
thanks for watching everyone good luck